# csse460-2014
Java based over-the-network multiplayer game engine. Scenarios are defined in XML.

## Original description
Players will be able to travel through a dungeon. Multiple players will be able enter and travel through the dungeon at the same time. Players will be able to chat with other players in the public chat. If two or more players are in the same room, a message on the screen will encourages them to chat together in the room chat to talk strategy. The dungeon will contain various creatures. When a player enters a location with a creature they will need to battle the creature. Attacks will be simple and limited to maybe 3 or 4. The game will be turned based; the computer controlled creatures will always play last. The real players play by time of connection: the first player to connect will always be the first to attack. Players will gain points for the various monsters they defeat. Each player earns points (equal to the damage points times a random number) at every successful attack. The more points a player has, the higher the chances are he/she has to hit the creature. There will be some goal (e.g. defeat a big boss, save the princess) that when a player (or a group of players) completes they are declared the winner. If multiples players defeat the final boss together they are all declared winners. When the game ends when the final boss is defeated. All players currently playing (including the winners) the game are shown the list of winners and a new game can begin. The game will be limited to 10 players in a dungeon at a time. OS & Language: The game will be platform independent since the game will be created in Java. Additional comments: We are thinking of developing an XML game engine. Christopher has experience with this and I would love the chance to do it. The goal is to have all the game configuration (including number of rooms, player and creature descriptions, possible attacks along with their respective power) stored in XML files. When launching the game, the game engine opens these XML files, parses them and then starts up the game. In other words, the game engine is completely modular: someone simply has to change the XML files and start up the game to create a whole new scenario, with new players and new creatures.
